Alfa-Bank is the largest Russian private bank with wide experience in providing our customers with full range of banking services. Over 400 banks and non-banking credit institutions from Russia and abroad maintain correspondent account with ourselves. Widespread correspondent and branch network allows real-time cross-regional payments.

What benefits do clients get from cooperating with Alfa-Bank in cash clearing services?
Our clients solidly benefit from accessing features and advantages of cooperation with Alfa-Bank in the area of cash clearing services and linked activities.

What is Alfa-Bank's core domain in clearing services?
Russian ruble clearing is our core domain with following instruments available to our clients:

Real-time RUB payments through the system of the Bank of Russia towards any payee’s/intermediary bank in any region of Russia;  
Book transfers in favor of Alfa-Bank customers and through intermediary banks maintaining RUB accounts with Alfa-Bank carried out by business days in Russia around the clock, and on weekends and holidays in Russia – up to 18.00 MSK, free of charge;  
Processing of outgoing RUB payments made by individuals, corporate customers, as well as principal payments with due regard to Russian law and applicable international rules and practices;  
Processing of incoming RUB payments with no limitations;  
Once introduced by Bank of Russia and CLS Bank: CLS settlements in Russian rubles.


How are foreign currency correspondent accounts managed at Alfa-Bank?
Foreign currency correspondent accounts we maintain in our books are supported by best performing Nostro agents worldwide.

USD and EUR payments get executed same day value;  
Payments in other European and CIS currencies get executed next day value;  
Payments may be routed through largest European, Asian, US banks;  
FX transactions supported across two accounts with Alfa-Bank in different currencies;  
Payments may be executed with conversion in the currency other than the one of the account.


What additional services does Alfa-Bank provide beyond basic access?
In addition to basic access granting Alfa⁠-⁠Bank provides our customers with comfortable communication procedures, full assistance through any issues associated with customer’s activities in Russia, and a set of liquidity support solutions.

What are the cut-off times for payments and transfers?

For outgoing payments value today received electronically: 5pm Moscow time;  
For book transfers value today: around the clock on business days, and 6pm Moscow time on weekends and holidays;  
Payment orders may be accepted through extended operational hours upon pre-agreement on case-by-case basis.


How is interest accrued on account balances?
Interest is accrued on balances of accounts in RUB, USD and EUR based on daily balances and according to the Schedule of interest established in Alfa-Bank. Rates are calculated based on benchmarks: RUONIA, LIBOR USD o/n, LIBOR EUR o/n, respectively. Increased credit interest may be received on amounts under hold subject to separate deals concluded under an Additional agreement.

How can one contact Alfa-Bank for setting up correspondent accounts or inquiries?
For purposes of setting up correspondent accounts with Alfa⁠-⁠Bank as well as discussing any related matters please contact us. We’ll be happy to guide you through the procedures and provide comprehensive information regarding our bank and Russian environment as a whole.
