
Equities
Alfa-Bank is the brokerage of choice for investors in the Russian and CIS markets, offering its clients an unrivalled combination of local and Western expertise in accordance with the highest international standards.
Alfa-Bank operates a leading equities franchise covering the Russian market. With a team of local experts based in Moscow, Alfa-Bank provides a full spectrum of services to the world’s major financial centers and provides exclusive coverage for investors with a focus on Russia and the CIS market. We provide services to clients around the globe with a special focus on Russian equities.
Alfa-Bank’s sales and trading teams are active on all exchanges listing Russian securities, including the Moscow Exchange (MOEX) and the DR markets and trading floors of New York, London and other European cities. 
Alfa-Bank also operates Alfa Direct, an internet brokerage servicing the domestic market – www.alfadirect.ru.
Alfa-Bank’s Equities Division complements its expertise in sales and trading with extensive proprietary research provided by a team of internationally recognized analysts in Moscow. 
Our Research Department produces in-depth company and sector reports, as well as macroeconomic analysis and market strategy for the Russian, Ukraine and Kazakhstan markets.

Alfa-Bank offers:
- cash equities trading;
- equity finance solutions;
- access to equity primary markets.

Alfa-Bank provides customers with a unique gateway to successful investment in Russia through our combination of Russian and Western expertise.
Research
We deliver industry-leading, independent research based on strong regional and industry expertise to assist institutional investment managers in their decision-making.
Fundamental research.
We conduct in-depth valuations of companies under coverage with a focus on differentiated, timely and alpha-generating insights derived from our analysts’ industry expertise and usage of unconventional information sources.
Economic research.
We understand the forces that drive regional macroeconomic trends and provide a detailed analysis of geopolitical developments in the context of the domestic economy.
Direct access to market sources.
We provide access to senior management, government officials, association executives and independent industry experts. 
We deliver expert opinions on matters related to commodities, foreign exchange, credit and interest rates.
