Debt Profile

Who is the borrower under the Loan Participation Notes Programme?
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” (Alfa-Bank) is the borrower under the U.S. 5,000,000,000 $ Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes (LPNs) to be issued by, but with limited recourse to, Alfa Bond Issuance plc for the purpose of financing loans to Alfa-Bank (Loans).

What sanctions have been imposed on Alfa-Bank by UK authorities?
On 24 March 2022 the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (OFSI), HM Treasury included Alfa-Bank into the UK Sanctions List under the Russia (Sanctions) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (S.I. 2019/855) with Group ID 15017.

What sanctions have been imposed on Alfa-Bank by US authorities?
On 6 April 2022 the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Department of the Treasury included Alfa-Bank into the Specially Designated Nationals List under the Russian Harmful Foreign Activities Sanctions Regulations, 31 CFR part 587.

How do these sanctions affect Alfa-Bank’s obligations under the Loans and LPNs?
Sanctions and regulatory restrictions imposed by the foreign regulators on Alfa-Bank and related actions of foreign financial institutions are preventing Alfa-Bank from performing its payment obligations under the Loans and LPNs in accordance with the terms and the payment mechanics envisaged by the respective loan agreements and the relevant LPNs documentation.

What steps has Alfa-Bank taken in response to these sanctions?
Alfa-Bank applied to OFSI and to OFAC asking for issuance of licences that would allow processing payments under the Loans and LPNs.

Has Alfa-Bank received licences to proceed with payments under Loans and LPNs?
As of the date Alfa-Bank have yet to receive either the Specific Licence from OFSI or the General Licence from OFAC (or any rejection to issue any such licences) and is unable to make the scheduled payments of interest under the Loans and under LPNs, respectively.

What Russian legislation applies to servicing the debt under Loans and LPNs?
The current legislation of the Russian Federation relating to servicing of debt under the Loans and LPNs consist of a number of Executive Orders of the President of the Russian Federation, Decisions of the Bank of Russia Board of Directors and Official clarifications of the Bank of Russia.

How does Alfa-Bank comply with Russian legislation regarding LPN payments?
In compliance with this legislation Alfa-Bank makes payments in Russian rubles under the LPNs in favor of the noteholders whose rights in respect of the LPNs are recorded with the Russian clearing system — through Russian depositories.

What is Alfa-Bank’s stance on fulfilling its payment obligations?
As a responsible borrower, Alfa-Bank is strongly committed to fulfilling its remaining payment obligations under the Loans and LPNs as soon as it becomes technically and legally possible, and will continue to interact with the regulators and foreign financial institutions in order to find an appropriate way of honouring this commitment.
