Sustainability
According to our strategy, we follow the principles of effective ESG management: we help society, care for nature, develop customer service, support employees and create a healthy corporate environment for them.

ESG is in our DNA
People are our main value, and long-term development is our philosophy.
All that we do perspectively helps society, the country and the whole world. It has always been this way, since 1990. We work for a long time and therefore have remained the largest private bank in Russia for decades.

Society Benefit
We cooperate with a charitable foundation, allocate grants to students and teach how to help animals correctly.
Life Line Fund
Charitable foundation whose initiatives to save seriously ill children we have been supporting for 17 years.
Alfa Chance
Program for smart and free students: 30 grants of 300,000 rubles each and community of successful entrepreneurs and managers.
Alfa-Friend
Telegram Bot to help animals: step-by-step instructions, expert advice and new friends from shelters.

Caring for employees
The best bank is the best people. We have created a comfortable working space for employees, thought out a system of privileges and training. We are proud to be one of the best employers in Moscow.
Comfortable office
With multi-format meeting rooms, soft relaxation zones, gym, coffee points and cafeteria.
Privileges
Expanded health insurance program, exemption and special offers from bank partners.
Alfa-Academy
Corporate university with modern teaching methods. Courses are taught by Alpha Academy trainers and invited experts.

Care for nature
We strive to systematically reduce our ecological footprint.
Paperless bank
We switched to biometrics and digital signatures to get rid of paper documents. Thereby Alfa-Bank saves 200 tons of paper a year, which is 7 hectares of forest or 3,000 trees.
icon
Biodegradable materials
We introduced eco-envelopes for plastic cards. The material for them is certified by the international environmental association FSC. The text was printed with soy ink, which evaporates after a year.
icon
Plastic recycling and eco-materials
They released merch using remelted plastic cards and plant materials.
icon

Attentive to clients
We focus on our customers’ interests, so we create convenient, understandable and affordable services for them. The awards only confirm this: we have the best bank for business according to Markswebb and the best bank in Russia according to Euromoney magazine.
Service Availability
Our branches are open in 250 cities, but most of the services can be obtained online from anywhere in the world.
icon
Mobile Application
We have the best app in Russia according to Markswebb 2020 and the best in Central and Eastern Europe according to Global Finance 2021.
icon
Phygital model
We are building new offices at the intersection of digital and physical experience: without wires and paper, but with coffee points and Face ID systems.
icon
Support during a pandemic
We take into account the needs of our customers: we gave a deferment on loans, zeroed out the minimum payments and launched a Credit Quarantine.
icon

Our services help people solve pressing issues and plan for the future,
and help business to develop and benefit society.
Payments for families with children
+1000 ₽ in addition to state payments of 10,000 ₽.
Free Alfa-Card
Debit Alfa-Card is free forever and without any conditions.
We do not charge for issuance and maintenance.
Free for business
We do not have commission for registration and maintenance of small businesses.
Family mortgage
We offer families with children a rate of 4.99% for the purchase of a new building or secondary housing, as well as for refinancing an existing mortgage.
Kind subscription: business helps kids
1₽ from each payment goes to save children who need help.
Quality Seal: Rewarding Businesses for Best Practices
Own selection methodology, annual competition and gifts from the bank.
Alfa-Investments: we help to trade in the stock exchange

Business Responsibility
We value ethics and transparency in everything our managers and employees do.
Disclosure and reporting
We publish all financial and non-financial reports on the website alfabank.ru and alfabank.ru/en/.
icon
Corporate Governance
Our managers are professionals with unique experience in the Russian market and competencies of international standards.
icon
Ethics
We have a Code of Ethics that defines the coordinate system of employees - the core values and principles of work.
icon

What we think about sustainable development you can read in our ESG policies
We care about the environment, solving social and managerial problems. Read more in our policies.
Everything about the sustainable development of Alfa-Bank is in our social and ESG reports.
We support and develop projects aimed at solving social, environmental and management problems.
